c:\users\roberto\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Idle_Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\basetiles.xnb
c:\users\roberto\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Idle_Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Idle_Civilization.exe
c:\users\roberto\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Idle_Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Idle_Civilization.pdb
c:\users\roberto\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Idle_Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\roberto\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Idle_Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\roberto\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Idle_Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\roberto\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Idle_Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\roberto\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Idle_Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\roberto\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Idle_Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\roberto\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Idle_Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\roberto\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Idle_Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\roberto\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Idle_Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\roberto\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Idle_Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\roberto\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Idle_Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\roberto\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Idle_Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\roberto\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Idle_Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\roberto\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Idle_Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\roberto\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Idle_Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\roberto\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Idle_Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\roberto\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Idle_Civilization\Idle_Civilization\obj\x86\Debug\Idle_Civilization.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\roberto\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Idle_Civilization\Idle_Civilization\obj\x86\Debug\Idle_Civilization.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\roberto\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Idle_Civilization\Idle_Civilization\obj\x86\Debug\Idle_Civilization.exe
c:\users\roberto\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Idle_Civilization\Idle_Civilization\obj\x86\Debug\Idle_Civilization.pdb
C:\Users\rober\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\idle civ\Idle_Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\basetiles.xnb
C:\Users\rober\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\idle civ\Idle_Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Idle_Civilization.exe
C:\Users\rober\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\idle civ\Idle_Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Idle_Civilization.pdb
C:\Users\rober\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\idle civ\Idle_Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
C:\Users\rober\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\idle civ\Idle_Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
C:\Users\rober\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\idle civ\Idle_Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
C:\Users\rober\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\idle civ\Idle_Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
C:\Users\rober\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\idle civ\Idle_Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
C:\Users\rober\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\idle civ\Idle_Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
C:\Users\rober\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\idle civ\Idle_Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
C:\Users\rober\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\idle civ\Idle_Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
C:\Users\rober\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\idle civ\Idle_Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
C:\Users\rober\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\idle civ\Idle_Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
C:\Users\rober\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\idle civ\Idle_Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
C:\Users\rober\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\idle civ\Idle_Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
C:\Users\rober\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\idle civ\Idle_Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
C:\Users\rober\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\idle civ\Idle_Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
C:\Users\rober\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\idle civ\Idle_Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
C:\Users\rober\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\idle civ\Idle_Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
C:\Users\rober\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\idle civ\Idle_Civilization\Idle_Civilization\obj\x86\Debug\Idle_Civilization.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\rober\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\idle civ\Idle_Civilization\Idle_Civilization\obj\x86\Debug\Idle_Civilization.exe
C:\Users\rober\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\idle civ\Idle_Civilization\Idle_Civilization\obj\x86\Debug\Idle_Civilization.pdb
C:\Users\rober\Documents\GitHub\Idle-Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\basetiles.xnb
C:\Users\rober\Documents\GitHub\Idle-Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Idle_Civilization.exe
C:\Users\rober\Documents\GitHub\Idle-Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Idle_Civilization.pdb
C:\Users\rober\Documents\GitHub\Idle-Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
C:\Users\rober\Documents\GitHub\Idle-Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
C:\Users\rober\Documents\GitHub\Idle-Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
C:\Users\rober\Documents\GitHub\Idle-Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
C:\Users\rober\Documents\GitHub\Idle-Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
C:\Users\rober\Documents\GitHub\Idle-Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
C:\Users\rober\Documents\GitHub\Idle-Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
C:\Users\rober\Documents\GitHub\Idle-Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
C:\Users\rober\Documents\GitHub\Idle-Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
C:\Users\rober\Documents\GitHub\Idle-Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
C:\Users\rober\Documents\GitHub\Idle-Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
C:\Users\rober\Documents\GitHub\Idle-Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
C:\Users\rober\Documents\GitHub\Idle-Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
C:\Users\rober\Documents\GitHub\Idle-Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
C:\Users\rober\Documents\GitHub\Idle-Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
C:\Users\rober\Documents\GitHub\Idle-Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
C:\Users\rober\Documents\GitHub\Idle-Civilization\Idle_Civilization\obj\x86\Debug\Idle_Civilization.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\rober\Documents\GitHub\Idle-Civilization\Idle_Civilization\obj\x86\Debug\Idle_Civilization.exe
C:\Users\rober\Documents\GitHub\Idle-Civilization\Idle_Civilization\obj\x86\Debug\Idle_Civilization.pdb
D:\Privat\Idle-Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\basetiles.xnb
D:\Privat\Idle-Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Idle_Civilization.exe
D:\Privat\Idle-Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Idle_Civilization.pdb
D:\Privat\Idle-Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
D:\Privat\Idle-Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
D:\Privat\Idle-Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
D:\Privat\Idle-Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
D:\Privat\Idle-Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
D:\Privat\Idle-Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
D:\Privat\Idle-Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
D:\Privat\Idle-Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
D:\Privat\Idle-Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
D:\Privat\Idle-Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
D:\Privat\Idle-Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
D:\Privat\Idle-Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
D:\Privat\Idle-Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
D:\Privat\Idle-Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
D:\Privat\Idle-Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
D:\Privat\Idle-Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
D:\Privat\Idle-Civilization\Idle_Civilization\obj\x86\Debug\Idle_Civilization.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Privat\Idle-Civilization\Idle_Civilization\obj\x86\Debug\Idle_Civilization.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
D:\Privat\Idle-Civilization\Idle_Civilization\obj\x86\Debug\Idle_Civilization.exe
D:\Privat\Idle-Civilization\Idle_Civilization\obj\x86\Debug\Idle_Civilization.pdb
C:\Users\rober\Documents\GitHub\Idle-Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Buttons_Medium_Spritesheet.xnb
C:\Users\rober\Documents\GitHub\Idle-Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Buttons_Small_Spritesheet.xnb
C:\Users\rober\Documents\GitHub\Idle-Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\std_font.xnb
D:\Privat\Idle-Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Buttons_Medium_Spritesheet.xnb
D:\Privat\Idle-Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Buttons_Small_Spritesheet.xnb
D:\Privat\Idle-Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\std_font.xnb
F:\Privat\Idle-Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\basetiles.xnb
F:\Privat\Idle-Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Buttons_Medium_Spritesheet.xnb
F:\Privat\Idle-Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Buttons_Small_Spritesheet.xnb
F:\Privat\Idle-Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\std_font.xnb
F:\Privat\Idle-Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Idle_Civilization.exe
F:\Privat\Idle-Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Idle_Civilization.pdb
F:\Privat\Idle-Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
F:\Privat\Idle-Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
F:\Privat\Idle-Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
F:\Privat\Idle-Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
F:\Privat\Idle-Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
F:\Privat\Idle-Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
F:\Privat\Idle-Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
F:\Privat\Idle-Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
F:\Privat\Idle-Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
F:\Privat\Idle-Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
F:\Privat\Idle-Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
F:\Privat\Idle-Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
F:\Privat\Idle-Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
F:\Privat\Idle-Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
F:\Privat\Idle-Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
F:\Privat\Idle-Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
F:\Privat\Idle-Civilization\Idle_Civilization\obj\x86\Debug\Idle_Civilization.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
F:\Privat\Idle-Civilization\Idle_Civilization\obj\x86\Debug\Idle_Civilization.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
F:\Privat\Idle-Civilization\Idle_Civilization\obj\x86\Debug\Idle_Civilization.exe
F:\Privat\Idle-Civilization\Idle_Civilization\obj\x86\Debug\Idle_Civilization.pdb
F:\Privat\Idle-Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\borders.xnb
C:\Users\rober\Documents\GitHub\Idle-Civilization\Idle_Civilization\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\borders.xnb
